just strolling around to try and get a
decent look at the P came across this
little fella there's a rhino beetle it's
the male and see this in a large spike
or horn on its head the male's used for
combat
very impressive little fellow look at
that
oh we've got basically everything in
here we got herbivores scavengers we
look carnivores eating them it's a whole
little ecosystem George has crawled 20
meters into the rotting tree it's a
natural sauna where humidity is 100% and
the temperature is over 40 degrees
wouldn't surprise me at all if there was
yeah you know one new species in here
it's several just yeah just oh wow look
at that
okay okay quick quick on the wall okay
pick it look at the size of it look at
the size of that oh wow Tyrone I found a
gecko this is what you call a result
something good for you Oh anything's
good Wow anything I kept I would take it
back to make sure we have a positive ID
you know one of the goals is to identify
and find as many species get an idea of
the biodiversity in the area you know
and we're releasing everything it'll
it'll come back home exactly where we
caught it the elephant's trail has led
Tara and Gordon to the very edge of the
jungle and to clear science that humans
are nearby
do anything
to make illegal device
like that meters away
there's something wrong the young male
before them appears agitated and could
charge but edges forward alone and
stands his ground
by some kind of travel made by limiting
and damaging that property they're very
painful is Gary oven and then Oasis are
the noise is just really good right
through your body in very aware that in
here lots of the trees are very smaller
than what we're supposed to do Penelope
comes as I feeling a tree if I are going
that tree it's not gonna make any
impress window and if I try to wear
underwear on the way yes the other